the code svg shouldn't be a part of the floating text componenet, it should be a seperate floating component where it looks like the code bounces up from the click area, and goes slightly the to the left or right or straight up and then comes back down and disappears, exactly like cookie clicker does it

https://github.com/shhdharmen/keyboard-css/ we should be using this for the commit code button. looks much better.

maybe add a feature where the player can take some sort of legal stimulant parody (subtracteral instead of adderal?), or microdose something, and it increases their manual clicks per second (or perhaps as the boss, you hire a doctor to prescribe your team subtracteral? something thematic that makes sense. if its just the player taking the drug, it shouldnt effect passive LOC gen). However, after you come down, you start withdrawling (by more each time you've taken it, you can go to rehab to lower your tolerance, lowering the effictive number of times taking it) which lowers your output depending on how many times you've taken it. There should also be a diminishing return, or the cost should go up each time (based on number of times its taken - [number of times gone to rehab * rehab multiplier]), echoing actual drug tolerance. This should be a bad idea in most cases, as I don't want to glorify drug use even in a video game. Perhaps this is something that will be done right before retirement, and one of the clauses for selling your company (ascension) to a parody of google or microsoft or amazon or some other faang company (Or, maybe we just name the one company TOOOTH as a parody of the FAANG companies, as TOOOTH has an extra vowel like FAANG and is a similar word?) is that the founder has to get sober first? So you will always start a new run with no addiction level. Helps you get a boost towards higher earnings and achievements towards the end of a run, then after a few times it gets super expensive and isnt worth it? And maybe you get less clout when you sell your company, because you have to use some of your money to go to rehab, or maybe its free.

Hidden achievement called "Paid respect" unlocked by pressing f on the keyboard. Mobile users will be at a disadvantage, as they would need a physical keyboard in order to unlock it naturally, so perhaps we can find a different way for mobile players to unlock it?
